And so forth.
You are not the only one here today.
Brother Mo, tell me
Feng Lun, I joined the trip to the temple
The shopkeeper is long gone
But I also know that the owner is an extraordinary person
Just an ordinary person
How could it be the owner?
Why not?
I am inseparable from the owner
Accompanied by day and night
I know the owner's voice and smile best
Hehe Fenglun
Your three protectors have long had the heart to seize the temple
Do you really think I don't know?
You wouldn't want to take this opportunity today
Look at a fake and replace this Ye Tianci
Stayed in our house for five years
He's just a little security guard
There's no way he's the owner.
I can also prove
He can do anything I know best
If he were the temple shopkeeper
I'm the owner's father
Hahahaha
Owner, you are courting death
When?
It's your turn, a little temple messenger, to teach a lesson
He insulted the shopkeeper, which is a capital offense
I spare his life today
I just want to ask the owner to send the hair and paper in person.
Do you think the current temple was still five years ago?
You've been busy looking for the owner all these years
neglect of practice
Do you think I'm really not afraid of you?
You want to rebel